apeiroapeirogonal tiling
apeirogonal tiling
heptagonal tiling
heptagrammic tiling
heptaheptagonal tiling
hexagonal tiling
hexahexagonal tiling
hexaoctagonal tiling
kisrhombille
octagonal tiling
octaoctagonal tiling
pentaapeirogonal tiling
pentagonal tiling
pentahexagonal tiling
pentapentagonal tiling
rhombihexaoctagonal tiling
rhombipentahexagonal tiling
rhombitetraapeirogonal tiling
rhombitetraheptagonal tiling
rhombitetrahexagonal tiling
rhombitetraoctagonal tiling
rhombitetrapentagonal tiling
rhombitriapeirogonal tiling
rhombitriheptagonal tiling
rhombitrihexagonal tiling
rhombitrioctagonal tiling
square tiling
tetraapeirogonal tiling
tetraheptagonal tiling
tetrahexagonal tiling
tetraoctagonal tiling
tetrapentagonal tiling
triangular tiling
triapeirogonal tiling
triheptagonal tiling
trihexagonal tiling
trioctagonal tiling