abdomen
abomasum
absorption
accessory gland
acetylcholine
acoustic
active transport
adipose tissue
adrenal cortex
adrenal medulla
albumin
aldosterone
alimentary
alimentary canal
alkaline
alveolus
amino acids
amphibian
amylases
anaemia
antagonistic muscles
anterior
anterior pituitary gland
antibodies
anticoagulant
antidiuretic
antidiuretic hormone
antigens
anus
aorta
apex
appendage
appendage
aqueous humor
aqueous humor
arteriole
arteriole
artery
artery
articulate
articulation
articulation
atlas
atom
atrioventricular valve
atrium
auditory ossicle
autonomic nervous system
axillary lymph node
axis
axon
ball and socket joint
barb
barbules
basement membrane
basophil
biceps
bilateral
bile
binocular vision
binomial
blastocyst
blind spot
blood
blood pressure
body cavity
bowman’s capsule
brain stem
breed
bronchiole
bronchus
buccal
callus
canines
carbohydrate
cardiac cycle
cardiac muscle
cardiovascular system
carnassial teeth
carotid artery
carpal
cartilage
cataract
caudal
caudal vena cava
cell
cell division
cell inclusion
cellular respiration
central nervous system
cephalic
cerebellum
cerebral cortex
cerebrospinal fluid
cerebrum
cervical vertebrae
cervix
chemoreceptor
chorionic gonadotrophin
choroid
chromosome
chyle
chyme
cilium
class
clavicle
clot
coagulation
coccygeal vertebrae
coccyx
cochlea
collagen
colon
colostrum
common bile duct
compact bone
conditioned reflex
condyle
cone
congenital
conjunctiva
connective tissue
constipation
continuous breeding
cornea
coronary artery
corpus luteum
cortex
costal
cowper’s gland
cranial
cranial nerve
cranium
crop
crop-milk
cross section
cryptorchidism
cutaneous
cytology
cytosol
dehydration
denaturation
dendrite
dental formula
dentine
dermis
diabetes insipidus
diabetes mellitus
diaphragm
diaphysis
diarrhoea
diastema
diastole
diastolic blood pressure
diffusion
digestion
digitigrade locomotion
dilate
diploid
directional terms
disaccharides
distal
diuretic
dorsal
duodenum
echolocation
effector
egestion
electrolyte
electron microscope
element
embryo
emulsification
enamel
endocrine gland
endometrium
endoplasmic reticulum
endothelium
enzyme
eosinophil
epidermis
epididymis
epiglottis
epiphyseal line
epiphyseal plate
epiphysis
epithelial tissue
erythrocyte
essential amino acids
eustachian tube
evolution
excretion
exocrine gland
exocytosis
expiration
extension
extracellular fluid
facilitated diffusion
fallopian tube
fats
feedback system
femur
fertilisation
fetlock
fibrin
fibrinogen
fibula
filtrate
flagellum
flexion
fluoroxylate
foetus
follicle
follicle stimulating
foramen
foramen magnum
fossa
fovea
functional caecum
gall bladder
gamete
ganglion
gas exchange
gastric juice
gene
gestation
girdle
gizzard
gland
gliding joint
glomerular capsule
glomerulus
glottis
glucose
glycerol
glycogen
goitre
golgi complex apparatus
gonads
graafian follicle
grey matter
growth hormone
haematocrit
haematuria
haemoglobin
haemolysis
haemorrhage
haploid
haversian canal
haversian system
heparin
hepatic
hepatic portal vessel
hinge joint
histamine
hock
homoiothermic
hormone
hormone 
humerus
hyperglycemia
hypertension
hyperthermia
hypertonic
hypotension
hypotonic
ileum
immunity
implantation
impotence
incisors
induced ovulation
inferior
infertility
inflammation
ingestion
inguinal
inorganic
insertion
inspiration
insulin
intercostal muscles
internal
interstitial fluid
intervertebral disc
intestinal juice
intracellular fluid
invertebrates
ion
isotonic
jejunum
keel
keratin
kidney
lachrymal gland
lactation
lacteal
lacuna
lamellae
large intestine
larynx
lateral
lens
leukocyte
ligament
lipase
lipid
liver
longitudinal
lordosis response
lumbar
lumen
lung
luteinising hormone
lymph
lymph node
lymphatic capillary
lymphatic tissue
lymphatic vessel
lymphocyte
lysosome
macrophage
mammary gland
mandible
marrow
matrix
maxilla
medial
mediastinum
medulla
medulla oblongata
meiosis
melanin
melatonin
membrane
meninges
mesentery
metacarpals
metastasis
metatarsals
microfilaments
microtubule
microvilli
middle ear
milk teeth
minute volume
mitochondrion
mitosis
molars
monocyte
monosaccharide
morula
mucus
myelin
nasal cavity
negative feedback
nephron
nerve
nerve impulse
neuron
neurotransmitter
neutral fat
neutrophil
nictitating membrane
normal saline
nuclear membrane
nucleolus
nucleus
nutrient
oesophagus
olfactory
omasum
open rooted teeth
optic nerve
orbit
organ
organelle
organic
organism
origin
osmosis
osmotic pressure
ossicle
ossification
otolith
oval window
ovarian cycle
ovarian follicle
ovary
ovulation
ovum
oxyhaemoglobin
oxytocin
palate
palmar
pancreas
pancreatic juice
parasympathetic division
parathyroid gland
parathyroid hormone
parotid gland
parturition
patella
pathogen
pectoral
pelvic cavity
pelvic girdle
pelvis
pepsin
pericardial cavity
pericardium
periosteum
peripheral
peripheral nervous system
peristalsis
peritoneum
permanent teeth
peyer’s patches
ph
phagocytosis
phalanges
pharynx
phospholipid bilayer
phospholipids
photoreceptor
photosynthesis
physiology
pineal gland
pinna
pinocytosis
pituitary gland
pivot joint
placenta
plantar
plantigrade locomotion
plasma
plasma membrane
platelets
pleura
pleural cavity
plexus
poikilothermic
polysaccharides
preen
premolars
progesterone
prolactin
prostate gland
proteases
protein
proximal
pulmonary
pulp cavity
pulse
pupil
pus
pyloric sphincter
radius
receptor
red marrow
reflex
reflex arc
refraction
relaxin
renal
renal pelvis
renal pyramid
renal system
reticulum
retina
ribosome
rickets
rod
rostral
rumen
ruminant
rumination
sacrum
sagittal plane
sagittal section
saliva
salivary amylase
saturated fat
scapula
sciatic nerve
sclera
seasonal breeding
sebaceous gland
sebum
secretion
semen
semi-permeable membrane
semicircular canals
semilunar valve
seminal vesicle
seminiferous tubule
sensory neuron
serum
sesamoid bones
shock
shoulder
sinus
skeletal muscle
skull
small intestine
smooth muscle
soft palate
solution
specific gravity
sperm duct
spermatic cord
spermatozoon
sphincter
spinal cord
spinal nerve
spleen
spongy bone
squamous
starch
sterile
sternum
stifle
stimulus
stomach
striated muscle
subcutaneous
submandibular gland
substrate
sulcus
superficial
suture
sympathetic division
synapse
synapse
synovial joint
synovial joint
system
systemic circulation
systole
systolic blood pressure
target cell
tarsals
tendons
testis
testosterone
thoracic cavity
thorax
thymus gland
thyroid gland
thyroxine
tibia
tidal breathing
tidal volume
tissue
tissue fluid
total lung capacity
trachea
transverse
triceps
triglycerides
trunk
tympanic membrane
ulna
umbilical cord
unguligrade locomotion
urea
ureter
urethra
uric acid
urinalysis
urine
uterus
vagina
vagus nerve
vane
vas deferens
vascular
vaso dilation
vasoconstriction
vein
velvet
vena cava
ventral
ventricles
venule
vertebral canal
vertebrates
vesicles
vestibular organ
villus
viscera
visceral skeleton
viscosity
vital capacity
vital capacity
vitamin
vitreous humor
white matter
yellow marrow
zona pellucida
zygote